README.md, before:

# AES-Accel

AES-Accel is SystemVerilog hardware accelerator code to perform the AES Encryption algorithm. Currently only supports 128-bit encryption.

## Purpose

AES encryption is a lengthy process for a single core. To relieve a CPU of this load, an FPGA can provide much-needed parallel computation for encryption. The repetitive nature of the AES key expansion and ciphering allows for feasible development of HDL code to parallelize this algorithm.

## Upcoming features

I am currently working on extending the SystemVerilog to perform AES-192 and AES-256 encryption, as well as decrytion for all three AES standards.

## A Note about sbox.txt

Part of this project involves the `sbox` module, found in `rtl/sub_box.sv`, reading from `rtl/sbox.txt`. Depending on where you place project files for synthesis and simulation, you may have to change the listed path of `sbox.txt` in the `$readmemh` call.

## Related Work

Several of these modules are generalized and could be used in other projects. I keep all of my multi-purpose SystemVerilog modules in another repo of mine, [SV-Toolbox](https://github.com/onesmallskipforman/SV-Toolbox).

Commit message:

Added Inverse Repo Reference to readme

README.md, after:

# AES-Accel

AES-Accel is SystemVerilog hardware accelerator code to perform the AES Encryption algorithm. Currently only supports 128-bit encryption.

## Purpose

AES encryption is a lengthy process for a single core. To relieve a CPU of this load, an FPGA can provide much-needed parallel computation for encryption. The repetitive nature of the AES key expansion and ciphering allows for feasible development of HDL code to parallelize this algorithm.

## Upcoming features

I am currently working on extending the SystemVerilog to perform AES-192 and AES-256 encryption.

## A Note about sbox.txt

Part of this project involves reading a textfile at compile time using the `$readmemh` call. Depending on where you place project files for synthesis and simulation, you may have to change the listed path of that textfile in that call.

## Related Work

### AES Decryption

There's no point to encryption if you're never going to decrypt! The systemverilog code for AES Decryption on a hardware accelerator can be found in my other repo, [InvAES-Accel](https://github.com/onesmallskipforman/InvAES-Accel).

### ToolBox

Several of these modules are generalized and could be used in other projects. I keep all of my multi-purpose SystemVerilog modules in another repo of mine, [SV-Toolbox](https://github.com/onesmallskipforman/SV-Toolbox).
